So at a conceptual level, this is how architecture will look like our tracing architecture.
The first thing that we'll have to do is we'll have to instrument the core of each and every component
for which we need this, which means that we'll have to modify.
The code will have to introduce client libraries, which will instrument decode and which will record
the tracing information.
And this instrument record will send this trace information to a component, a centralized component
where all this trace will be collected and connected to create a meaningful trace information, which
gives us distributed request tracing, which addresses our distributed request tracing requirement.
Where we want to see a holistic trace of an API across the system.
So this is what is going to happen in this particular component and is something that we should be able
to see to the UI.
So this has conceptual representation of the architecture that we need.
Now we will discuss some products that will actually help us in building or implementing this architecture.
To implement distributed tracing, we have two popular choices one is Zipkin, and the other one is
Yego.
Both of them conform to open tracing standards.
We need this conformance because here we are going to modify the code of our system.
And tomorrow, let's say we want to change the product on which we are relying for tracing.
Then there should be some standard which multiple products follow, or at least the popular products
follow.
And we can choose among those products as one of our testing products.
So that's the reason it is important that they should conform to some standards and open tracing is
that standard.
So what Yegor ends up can conform to those standards so we can choose any one of them.
The reason we are going to go ahead with yogurt is it's more recent than Zipkin.
So it has adopted more than two new architecture, new cloud architectures, and it has become more
popular than Zipkin.
And personally, I first tried Zipkin, which was actually which came from Twitter.
Project Yeager came from Hilbre project.
So I tried Zipkin, and after that, when I tried yogurt, I found it to be much more useful in terms
of the capabilities it could show on the UI.
Of course, architecturally it will be superior than Zipkin as it came later on and had architectural
improvements over Zipkin.
But even the representation wise, the information it provides that is provided on Yegor Way is much
superior to them.
They primarily do the same thing, but yogurt has marginal difference, and it has become much more
popular than Zipkin, so we will go ahead with the yogurt.